Add 1.15 announcement and updates (#158)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: announcements/1.15.0.md

## Introduction

The Anbox Cloud team is pleased to announce the release of Anbox Cloud 1.15.0.

Please see [component versions](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/component-versions) for a list of updated components.

## New features & improvements

### Common

* All snaps are now based on the [`core20`](https://snapcraft.io/core20) snap, which removes the need to have older base snaps (for example, `core18`) installed on newer Ubuntu versions.

### AMS

> * AMS now provides support for a [development mode](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/exp/containers#dev-mode) for containers. This development mode mainly turns off status updates for the Anbox runtime inside a container, which usually cause AMS to stop the container.

Author: Not only when an error occurs, also when the `anbox.service` systemd unit is stopped we send a signal which will turn the container down.

* TLS 1.3 is now enforced by default. This means that if you're running older images (< 1.15), they will fail to talk to AMS. You can temporarily enable TLS 1.2 support in AMS again by setting the `force_tls12` [configuration option of the AMS charm](https://charmhub.io/ams/configure?channel=1.15/stable#force_tls12).
* With the new `cpu.limit_mode` configuration, the default strategy that AMS uses to assign CPU time to a container via the Linux kernel scheduler can be changed to use CPU core pinning instead. See [the documentation](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/exp/performance#container-cpu-access) for more details and the caveats that each mode has.
* If AMS is behind a load balancer, it can now be configured with the address of the load balancer via the `load_balancer.url` configuration item. This configuration will instruct containers to go through the load balancer instead of reaching out to the particular AMS instance that launched them.

### Anbox

> * The [WebRTC streamer configuration](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/ref/webrtc-streamer) can now be customised. Currently, only the mininum and the maximum bitrate can be configured, in addition to some options specific to [NVIDIA NvEnc](https://developer.nvidia.com/nvidia-video-codec-sdk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [WebRTC streamer configuration](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/ref/webrtc-streamer) can now be customised. Currently, only the minimum and the maximum bit rate can be configured, in addition to some options specific to [NVIDIA NvEnc](https://developer.nvidia.com/nvidia-video-codec-sdk).
```

* Anbox now uses [`jemalloc`](https://github.com/jemalloc/jemalloc) as memory allocator to improve its overall memory footprint.
* A new OOB version 2 implementation allows bi-directional communication with the Anbox container through the use of data channels. See [the documentation](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/howto/stream/oob-data) for more details. With the introduction of OOB version 2, the former implementation is deprecated and will be removed in a future Anbox Cloud release.

### Android

* Added Android security updates for August 2022 (see [Android Security Bulletin - August 2022](https://source.android.com/docs/security/bulletin/2022-08-01) for more information).
* Updated the Android WebView to [103.0.5060.129](https://chromereleases.googleblog.com/2022/07/chrome-for-android-update_01510389319.html).
* Updated the Mesa graphics driver stack to [22.0.5](https://docs.mesa3d.org/relnotes/22.0.5.html).
* The `ashmem` kernel module is now optional for all supported Android versions. Anbox Cloud will drop support for `ashmem` with the 1.18 release.

### Anbox Stream Gateway / Agent

> * Updated dqlite to its latest [1.11.1 release](https://github.com/canonical/dqlite/releases/tag/v1.11.1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated Dqlite to its latest [1.11.1 release](https://github.com/canonical/dqlite/releases/tag/v1.11.1).
```

### Appliance

* The appliance now supports deployment on Ubuntu 22.04.
* The minimum required storage size is now 20 GB.

### Charms

* On Ubuntu 22.04, the NVIDIA driver is now installed from the Ubuntu archive on arm64 systems instead of from the NVIDIA CUDA archive.

### Anbox Cloud tests

* The WebRTC benchmark tool (`anbox-cloud-tests.benchmark`) can now:
  * Attach to existing sessions (`--session=<id>`).
  * Mark sessions to be kept alive after the benchmark is done (`--keep-session`).
  * Set the WebRTC log level to gain low-level insight (`--log-level=<level>`).

## Known issues

n/a

## Bug fixes

* AC-1036 A native crash happens when streaming from the camera on Safari (iOS device)

> * AC-1034 Fix race condition between `init.ranchu.rc` and SurfaceFlinger causing a crash

Reviewer: Can you update the capitalisation of SurfaceFlinger in the wordlist?
This capitalisation here is correct. That might cause other failures, but I can fix them on the 1.15 branch.
